# CSSE-Senior-Thesis
Senior thesis project done for 2016-2017. Utilizes Hadoop Ecosystem, Java MapReduce, Apache Pig, Apache Hive. 

This project was completed during the academic year at Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology for the Computer Science and Software Engineering Departmant, under the adivisement of Dr. Sriram Mohan. 

## Folder Layout

In the following setup, each of the folders have the following:
- **Diagrams**: Contains various diagrams that have been used in papers I typed or for presentations. 
- **Example_Data**: Contains subfolders that hold example data:
  - **AdvertisementData**: Contains example output of the advertisement randomly generated by [GenerateThoroughBillboardData](https://github.com/gateslm/CSSE-Senior-Thesis/tree/master/Projects/GenerateThoroughBillboardData) project. Contains the `regionAds.csv` for the 29 Regions over the time period coded into the program and `segmentAds.csv` for the ~1300 Segments over the time period coded into the program. 
  - **RegionData**: 3 files, `csv`, `xml`, and `json`, that were downloaded from the [Chicago Data Portal](https://data.cityofchicago.org/Transportation/Chicago-Traffic-Tracker-Congestion-Estimates-by-Re/t2qc-9pjd) using [automated download script](https://github.com/gateslm/CSSE-Senior-Thesis/blob/master/Scripts/automatedRun.sh). The 3 show what the 'Congestion Estimates by Regions' datasets look like.
  - **SegmentData**: 3 files, `csv`, `xml`, and `json`, that were downloaded from the [Chicago Data Portal](https://data.cityofchicago.org/Transportation/Chicago-Traffic-Tracker-Congestion-Estimates-by-Se/n4j6-wkkf) using [automated download script](https://github.com/gateslm/CSSE-Senior-Thesis/blob/master/Scripts/automatedRun.sh). The 3 show what the 'Congestion Estimates by Regions' datasets look like.
  - **Visual Data**: Folder containing the datasets used to find the coordinates of the regions and segments, and the subfolder holds an HTML file that visually shows the map of zip codes of Chicago and 58 blimps, where the matching colors mean the North-East corner and South-West corner of the region square. 
- **Misc**: Various files and projects
  - **Projects/GenerateBillboardData**: Project that was initially used to create advertisement data. (*Eclipse Project*)
  - **Scripts**: Scripts that I used to keep track of commands. 
  - **Summaries**: Documents related to the progress of the thesis during the academic school year. 
- **Paper**: Document to create final thesis paper for the class.
- **Presentations**: Various files used for a poster presentation and for quarterly updates
- **Projects**: Projects used for the project (*Eclipse Projects*)
  - **DataCollection**:
  - **GenerateThoroughBillboardData**:
  - **SegmentsInRegions**:
  - **Traffic Analysis**: Main aggregation of data. Contains 4 seperate projects with in the project itself.
    - **CongestionFinder**:
    - **DayAnalysis**:
    - **FlowAnalysis**:
    - **FlowAnalysisGrouping**:
- **Results**:
- **Scripts**:
